Add user group permission requirements for Host Path and NFS destinations (#484)
replicatedhq/replicated-docs: docs/enterprise/snapshots-configuring-hostpath.md

You can configure a host path as your snapshots storage destination. For more information about snapshot storage destinations, see [Storage destinations](snapshots-storage-destinations).

## Requirements

The following are requirements for using a host path as the storage destination:

* The host path must be a dedicated directory. Do not use a partition used by a service like Docker or Kubernetes for ephemeral storage.
* The host path must exist and be writable by the user:group 1001:1001 on all nodes in the cluster.

>    If you use a mounted directory for the storage destination, such as one that is created with the Common Internet File System (CIFS) or Server Message Block (SMB) protocols, ensure that you configure the user:group 1001:1001 permissions on all nodes in the cluster from the server side and not the client side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you use a mounted directory for the storage destination, such as one that is created with the Common Internet File System (CIFS) or Server Message Block (SMB) protocols, ensure that you configure the user:group 1001:1001 permissions on all nodes in the cluster and from the server side as well.
```
